<!--
title: &hellip; is something I hear over and over again. And truth be told I don&rsquo;t get it. If that&rsquo;s your attitude to work, how do you expect anything good to ever come of it? Let me tell you something, the single thing, that all successful people have in common
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.078Z
tags: oh, tomorrow, regular
-->


&hellip; is something I hea...

<p>&hellip; is something I hear over and over again. And truth be told I don&rsquo;t get it. If that&rsquo;s your attitude to work, how do you expect anything good to ever come of it?</p>

<p>Let me tell you something, the single thing, that all successful people have in common: they all like what they are doing.</p>

<p>Now I get that &ldquo;being successful&rdquo; may not be the best measurement, after all it leaves out a whole lot of stuff.</p>

<p>So let&rsquo;s look at it from a totally different angle. The socialist ideal held that you should spend 8 hours of every day with work, 8 with leisure and 8 with sleep. If you take away the sleep time, where you are more or less unconscious then that leaves you with spending HALF your waking hours working.</p>

<p>And that&rsquo;s under ideal circumstances! In modern reality it&rsquo;s probably even more. So if you are spending more than half your waking hours at something you dislike, then that&rsquo;s a problem.</p>

<p>Of course I realise that there are external pressures that force us all to maybe do things we don&rsquo;t like. But still if this is a persistent theme, it&rsquo;s a problem. If you ever want a chance to actually like your life, if ever you want a chance to actually be happy, you better find a way to enjoy working by whatever means.</p>

<p>One thing is for certain: &ldquo;oh no I have to go to work tomorrow&rdquo; is a recipe for failing at happiness whatever else you do.</p>

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [oh](tag-oh.md) [tomorrow](tag-tomorrow.md) [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](118013234059.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](118112609794.md) |