<!--
title: studyspo
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.079Z
tags: studyspo, theorganisedstudent, hey, regular
-->


studyspo:theorganisedstuden...

<p>studyspo:</p><blockquote><p>theorganisedstudent:</p>

<blockquote><p>Hey everyone! This is just a quick message to all my UK followers over the age of 18: <b>don’t forget to vote today. </b>Your vote can make a difference and it is important for young people to have their say in how our country is governed. </p><p>Don’t think it will make a difference? Last time there was a general election, I was 15 years old and on the brink of sitting my GCSEs. I could barely wrap my head around starting A-Levels, but I knew that a university education might be on the cards for me a few years down the line. Fast forward to today, and I’m 2 weeks away from finishing my undergraduate degree which I have been studying for since Autumn 2012. <b>As a result of the previous general election in 2010, I now pay triple the amount of tuition fees than students who entered the year before me. </b>The election matters.</p><p>My point is the election <i>does </i>matter and we can have a say in that through our votes. When I vote today, I know first that politics has a direct influence on my life, my work and my education. Please, if you’re registered to vote, head down to your designated polling station before 10pm today (7th May 2015) and cast your vote. Thank you.</p></blockquote>

<p>Yes, please do vote if you are eligible and registered! </p><p>This is my second general election and fourth election overall, so I guess I’m kinda a keen (and old) voter but it is SO important!</p><p>The number of people who don’t vote out numbers the number of people who vote for any one of the big parties.</p><p>Imagine what could change if nonvoters started to vote!</p><p>And seeing as nonvoters tend to be young people, things could change in our favour!</p></blockquote>
Plus if you don&rsquo;t vote when you could I think you loose your right to bitch about anything in the country!

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [studyspo](tag-studyspo.md) [theorganisedstudent](tag-theorganisedstudent.md) [hey](tag-hey.md) [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](118134557469.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](118442390582.md) |