<!--
title: mylittlerinzler
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.089Z
tags: regular
-->


mylittlerinzler: rikkipoynt...

<p>mylittlerinzler:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>rikkipoynter:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>wanderingstrider:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>…..I am on the verge of being suspended from my one job…..</p>
<p>because….</p>
<p>a woman complained to both my manager and the store manager and the assistant store manager that I was being rude and ignoring her while I was on till and cashing her through because I wasn’t talking to her when she was talking to me……</p>
<p>I’m Deaf. </p>
<p>I have a sticker that I can put on my till and a pin that I put on my uniform that says DEAF so that people know. The packer who was packing up her groceries told her I was Deaf and her response to him was ‘She should learn to listen better if she is going to work in the service industry.’ My packer then tried to continue to explain to which the lady told him that it was still my responsibility to have a conversation with her if she wanted one and that instead of watching the screen to see if her groceries scanned through I should listen to the beeps that way I can talk to her. </p>
<p>3 times my packer explained to her that I physically am unable to hear and no matter what I won’t be able to pay attention to both what she is trying to tell me and to the computer to make sure all the groceries went through. </p>
<p>And still she complained. </p>
<p>And now because she complained to both the store managers and the front end manager they might have to put me on suspension for 3 days because of it. </p>
<p>What fucking bullshit audist society do we live in?????</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Hell fucking no.</p>
<p>A lawsuit waiting to happen.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>Take em out, dear.<br/>You don’t deserve that bullshit.</p>
</blockquote>

<p>Have them tell her that she is in fact not entitled to a conversation from you or anyone else. If she wants someone to listen to her babbling there is a professional she can go to. They are called talk therapists. And they can also help her with that personality issue at the same time.</p>

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](127495773919.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](127789267429.md) |