<!--
title: Yes, Minister
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.099Z
tags: yes, minister, conversation
-->


Yes, Minister

***Jim Hacker:*** Surely the Foreign Office is pro-Europe, isn't it? ***Sir Humphrey Appleby:*** Yes and no, if you'll forgive the expression. The Foreign Office is pro-Europe because it is really anti-Europe. The Civil Service was united in its' desire to make sure that the Common Market didn't work. That's why we went into it. ***Jim Hacker:*** What are you talking about? ***Sir Humphrey Appleby:*** Minister, Britain has had the same foreign policy objective for at least the last 500 years: To create a disunited Europe. In that cause, we have fought with the Dutch against the Spanish, with the Germans against the French, with the French and Italians against the Germans and with the French against the Germans and Italians. Divide and rule you see. Why should we change now, when it's worked so well? ***Jim Hacker:*** That's all ancient history surely? ***Sir Humphrey Appleby:*** Yes, and current policy. We had to break the whole thing up, so we had to get inside. We tried to break it up from the outside but that wouldn’t work. Now that we're inside we can make a complete pigs breakfast of the whole thing. Set the Germans against the French, the French against the Italians, the Italians against the Dutch. The Foreign Office is terribly pleased. It's just like old times. ***Jim Hacker:*** Surely we're all committed to the European ideal? ***Sir Humphrey Appleby:*** Oh, really Minister. ***Jim Hacker:*** If not, why are we pressing for an increase in the membership? ***Sir Humphrey Appleby:*** Well for the same reason. It's just like the United Nations in fact. The more members it has, the more arguments it can stir up, the more futile and impotent it becomes. ***Jim Hacker:*** What appalling cynicism. ***Sir Humphrey Appleby:*** Yes, we call it diplomacy Minister.

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [yes](tag-yes.md) [minister](tag-minister.md) [conversation](tag-conversation.md) |

| [Newer](133729128381.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](133790540577.md) |