<!--
title: scientia-rex
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.135Z
tags: scientia, rex, cherryseltzer, piece, advice, regular
-->


scientia-rex: cherryseltzer...

<p>scientia-rex:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>cherryseltzer:</p>
<blockquote>
<p>piece of advice from an old tumblr person: if you are a woman and you are dating a man, do not settle down with, cohabitate with, or marry a man who needs you to do basic things to take care of him. like, if he can’t cook food for himself, go shopping, do laundry, clean a house, keep his own calendar, make his own doctors’ appointments, fill out his own forms, do his own taxes, etc. you are setting yourself up for a relationship full of you caring for another adult like a child.</p>
<p>partners help EACH OTHER. sometimes people have very valid reasons they can’t do those things, but they should also help YOU with things that are hard for you and easy for them, whether it’s basic emotional support, chores, paperwork, making phone calls, etc. if they say they ‘don’t know how’ to do something and expect you to do it instead of learning how to do it, they are not worth your time.</p>
<p>if your male partner’s parents did not prepare him to take care of himself, do not become his second mother. find a partner who can take care of you as much as you take care of him, and can take care of himself as well as you take care of yourself.</p>
</blockquote>
<p>and if that means being single forever, get yourself a cat and <i>lean in,</i> because being a grown-ass man’s second momma is a bitch and a half. I’m married to a fairly fucking aware feminist-identified man and he <i>still</i> can’t take care of himself for <i>shit</i> and it is the one major source of tension in our marriage and it has led to so much tension now that I’m in med school that I have repeatedly seriously contemplated divorce. It’s not a <i>small issue,</i> it’s not trivial. You are a PERSON, not an endlessly nurturing selfless machine. You deserve to have your own story, not be picking up socks in someone else’s.<br/></p>
</blockquote>

<p>And to all the &ldquo;men&rdquo; out there: if you can&rsquo;t iron her a blouse for that job-interview or cook some soul-food for when she&rsquo;s had a tough day, then you simply don&rsquo;t deserve her.</p>

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [scientia](tag-scientia.md) [rex](tag-rex.md) [cherryseltzer](tag-cherryseltzer.md) [piece](tag-piece.md) [advice](tag-advice.md) [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](152784946556.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](152810131533.md) |