<!--
title: thebibliosphere
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.157Z
tags: favorite, silly, plotlines, scottish, regular
-->


thebibliosphere: intentandi...

<p>thebibliosphere:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>intentandinvention:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>rottenappleheart:</p>
<blockquote><ul><li><div><font color="#000000" face="Calibri" size="3">Small village thinks illicit whiskey stills are its biggest problem until raiders show up and trash their everything. Death, destruction, etc. Raiders find whiskey still, get lit, pass out. Villagers murder them. Peace restored. Whiskey is king.</font></div></li>
<li><div><font color="#000000" face="Calibri" size="3">Shepherd lad spots fair maid skinny-dipping. Fair maid pleads for her virtue and/or clothing. Shepherd lad is complete gentleman, escorts her home with clothing and virtue intact. Fair maid demands to know what she has to do to get laid around here.</font></div></li>
<li><div><font color="#000000" face="Calibri" size="3">Plucky heroine’s boyfriend goes to sea, fails to return.
Plucky heroine dresses in drag and goes to find him. Plucky heroine discovers
boyfriend happily married to someone else. Plucky heroine shoots his head right
off.</font></div></li>
<li><div><font color="#000000" face="Calibri" size="3">Do Not Stop By The Local Weaver’s House, You Will Get So
Pregnant, Like, Super Pregnant, I’m Not Kidding, This Has Been A Public Service
Announcement.</font></div></li>
<li><div><font color="#000000" face="Calibri" size="3">Wealthy farmwife habitually searches her maidservants’ dorm
for SIGNS OF MEN out of concern for their virtue. Maids less concerned for
their virtue are having None Of It. Maids hide scarecrow in dorm, farm mistakes
scarecrow for prowler, farmwife decapitates scarecrow. Farmwife believes
herself a murderer. Maids now permitted to do as they please, virtue-wise. </font></div></li>
<li><div><font color="#000000" face="Calibri" size="3">Idiot son sent to market to sell cow. Scheming lass seduces
idiot son out of cow, pants, and even shoes.</font></div></li>
<li><div><font color="#000000" face="Calibri" size="3">Dad returns from business trip to find daughter Super
Pregnant, demands to meet the man responsible. Dad takes one look at man
responsible and tells daughter “okay, you’re off the hook, I would have banged
him too.”</font></div></li>
<li><div><font color="#000000" face="Calibri" size="3">Handsome stranger bribes fair maid to leave town with him.
Fair maid rejects various bribes until handsome stranger flat-out offers her
money, which she accepts. Handsome stranger turns out to be, to no one’s great
surprise, the actual devil. Fair maid regrets her life choices.</font></div></li>
<li><div><font color="#000000" face="Calibri" size="3">Gallant knight goes forth to slay dragon. Dragon eats knight, but has indigestion.</font></div></li>
</ul></blockquote>
<p>@thebibliosphere saw this and thought of you ;)</p>
</blockquote>

<p>We have a rich a varied musical culture.</p>
</blockquote>

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [favorite](tag-favorite.md) [silly](tag-silly.md) [plotlines](tag-plotlines.md) [scottish](tag-scottish.md) [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](159031694011.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](159043148594.md) |