<!--
title: I love my iPhone and rely on it for many many things in my life. Because of this it pains me when a truly horrible iPhone user experience comes my way where i have to ask myself
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.190Z
tags: iphone, ios, life, tech, horrible, user, experience, apple, regular
-->


I love my iPhone and rely o...

<p>I love my iPhone and rely on it for many many things in my life. Because of this it pains me when a truly horrible iPhone user experience comes my way where i have to ask myself: &ldquo;How did this ever get pas QA?&rdquo;</p>

<p>In iOS there is this neat feature called &ldquo;Do Not Disturb&rdquo;. I love it and it makes life so much nicer. It basically turns of all those bleeps and bluprs off, so that you are not disturbed.</p>

<p>The main use I make of it is that I don&rsquo;t want messages that arrive while I sleep to wake me. So for this reason i set it to automatically turn on at night. Usually I&rsquo;m pretty regular in my sleep pattern. I am likely to be in bed by midnight and seldom have to get up before 6:45 in the morning.</p>

<p>So i set my iPhone to turn this feature on from 11 o'clock at night until half past 6 in the morning. It works like a charm, set and forget and you will have quiet during the night.</p>

<p>It works too well in fact. Because what happened to me recently is that I set my iPhone alarm explicitly to ring at 6:20 in the morning, because I had to for once to get up early. I figured I explicitly set an alarm, it always wakes me up during the week, why would I not rely on it for this?</p>

<p>Well you can probably already guess what happened: I woke up on my own at 8:45 in the morning, way too late to salvage anything. I was yelling at myself, how could I have overheard the alarm?</p>

<p>Easy actually. I overheard it because it did not in fact ring. Whoever thought that &ldquo;Do Not Disturb&rdquo; applies to a utility that you have to explicitly set; a utility that has no other purpose than to in fact disturb you; a utility that is so clearly out of the scope of the &ldquo;Do Not Disturb&rdquo; feature?</p>

<p>I mean I could even understand it if you had turned on &ldquo;Do not Disturb&rdquo; manually, but if it&rsquo;s been activated automatically? How did this ever get past QA.</p>

<p>I am sorely disappointed, but it did teach me a valuable lesson: do not rely on modern technology for anything important.</p>

<p>Since then I have dug out my ancient wind-up alarm-clock that my grandfather gave to me when I was four. I set it eery night now and let it tick-tock me off to sleep. I still also set my iPhone, but it has lost the trust i had placed in it. It will have to work hard to earn back that trust.</p>

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [iphone](tag-iphone.md) [ios](tag-ios.md) [life](tag-life.md) [tech](tag-tech.md) [horrible](tag-horrible.md) [user](tag-user.md) [experience](tag-experience.md) [apple](tag-apple.md) [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](67596220887.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](67668171588.md) |