<!--
title: It&rsquo;s interesting. Also, it&rsquo;s got such a huge female following. The original [Sir Arthur Conan Doyle] stories had a huge female following, which I&rsquo;d never forgotten, and that&rsquo;s because the Victorian ladies liked the way Sherlock looked. (Laughs.) So I thought, use this massively exciting, rather handsome man who could see right through your heart and have no interest &hellip; of course, he&rsquo;s going to be a sex god! I think we pitched that character right. I think our female fanbase all believe that they&rsquo;ll be the one to melt that glacier. They&rsquo;re all wrong, nothing will melt that glacier.
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.238Z
tags: huge, quote
-->




It’s interesting. Also, it’s got such a huge female following. The original [Sir Arthur Conan Doyle] stories had a huge female following, which I’d never forgotten, and that’s because the Victorian ladies liked the way Sherlock looked. (Laughs.) So I thought, use this massively exciting, rather handsome man who could see right through your heart and have no interest … of course, he’s going to be a sex god! I think we pitched that character right. I think our female fanbase all believe that they’ll be the one to melt that glacier. They’re all wrong, nothing will melt that glacier.

            *Source: The Hollywood Reporter Interviews Steven Moffat, 1/1/2014 I’m sorry, the answer you have provided does not compute. Could you mean:&ldquo;young women love a thrilling detective show as much as men do&rdquo;or&ldquo;young women enjoy the (explicitly homoerotic and) incredibly dynamic friendship of a person and his best friend, and how it grows over time&rdquo;or&ldquo;young women appreciate the visual and mental stimulation of good television programming&rdquo; You can also try “young women are not limited exclusively to liking things because they find someone physically appealing,” “young women as a whole do not want to be the one to ‘fix’ an emotionally unavailable sociopathic man, and it is damaging to assume that having those qualities makes someone a ‘sex god’,” or “young women do not imagine themselves with Sherlock, moron, do you even know your fanbase, every square inch of it is covered in Johnlock because women appreciate the interplay between those two characters, not everyone is a goddamned Mary Sue like you, god damn it.” Please try again. (via thewolf3) what the entire fuck you have got to be kidding me this dude is on a regular diet of misogynist fuckshit (via theinevitableblastwave) “because the Victorian ladies liked the way Sherlock looked” (via youngnoblewoman) Does he realize the original stories were written down? I think Sherlock looked however his readers wanted him to look! (via casskets) But you do realize, that the characters they imagined when they read a good detective novel were fucking HOT. Not like average hot, but sizzling. Why do you think that &ldquo;Victorian Ladies&rdquo; had an insufficiently naughty imagination? ;)*

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [huge](tag-huge.md) [quote](tag-quote.md) |

| [Newer](72660401224.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](72665449768.md) |