<!--
title:
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.271Z
tags: floor, conversation
-->




***undefined*** (I work the floor at an independently-owned menswear store. The owner, my boss, spends a lot of time at the shop, and tries to keep prices as low as possible to help our city’s large homeless population get good job interview clothes. A clearly homeless man is wandering around the store. The other patrons are giving him looks.) ***Customer:*** “Excuse me, sir?” ***Me:*** “Yes, ma’am?” ***Customer:*** “I think you may want to call security. That… bum over there, he keeps feeling the suits and muttering to himself. I’m just sure he’s planning to steal one.” ***Me:*** “Well, ma’am, I think that’s quite unlikely.” ***Customer:*** “Oh, come on, you know how they are! I mean, I’d keep an eye on him even if he wasn’t homeless!” ***undefined*** (The homeless man in question happens to be Hispanic.) ***Me:*** “We don’t discriminate here, ma’am.” ***Customer:*** “Well, I’m sure the owner would want to hear about this!” ***undefined*** (I give in and call him over. The customer explains her concerns. As a black man, my boss isn’t happy with her racism, but agrees to talk to the homeless man.) ***Owner:*** “Excuse me, sir, are you finding what you need?” ***Homeless Man:*** “Well, not really. I’m hoping for something versatile in a dark or navy wool, but most of the options in my size are cut American style instead of European, which fits me a little better. Not to mention they’re all pinstriped, which I really don’t have the build for, you know?” ***Owner:*** “I… yes, I understand. I think we may have some options over here, if you’ll follow me. How did you know all that?” ***Homeless Man:*** “Back before I lost my job, I used to be really into this stuff. I’m not looking for anything fancy, just something I can use to look good for a job interview later today.” ***undefined*** (My boss helps him find something he likes, and comes to the counter with him. The suit is priced at $87.) ***Homeless Man:*** *digging in his pockets* “Hang on, I think I’ve got enough.” ***Owner:*** *to me* “Take my card. I’m buying it for him.” *to the homeless man* “Here. The suit’s yours, on one condition. After your interview today, you come back and apply for a job here too. Got it?” ***Homeless Man:*** “I… oh my God, thank you. Thank you so much.” ***undefined*** (Two years later, that formerly-homeless man is my manager, and has a little girl with his new wife—the owner’s sister.)

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [floor](tag-floor.md) [conversation](tag-conversation.md) |

| [Newer](80198577377.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](80200374642.md) |