<!--
title: ifyoucarryonthisway
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.291Z
tags: rant, getoverit, ifyoucarryonthisway, girl, regular
-->


ifyoucarryonthisway: the fa...

<p>ifyoucarryonthisway:</p>

<blockquote>
<p>the fact that a girl being a feminist is a turn off to a lot of guys is just further proof that sexism exists they’re literally saying they don’t want a girl who requires respect because that’s just no fun </p>
</blockquote>

<p>So what&rsquo;s your point? The fact that it&rsquo;s raining means there is water in the sky. Big surprise. So what?</p>

<p>Let me tell you something. Most people get exactly the amount of respect from others that they give themselves.</p>

<p><b>Thing is: that can be both good and bad.</b></p>

<p>If a woman doesn&rsquo;t have any respect for herself, she&rsquo;s more likely to be in an abusive relationship; a woman in an abusive relationship is also less likely to have/gain any respect for herself.</p>

<p><i>On the other hand.</i></p>

<p>A woman that is self-confident and respects herself (and other women, which happens to be the definition of feminism), is more likely to be in a supportive and respectful relationship. And a woman in a supportive relationship is much more likely to respect herself.</p>

<p>So rather than spout quaint deprecatory snark, maybe it&rsquo;s time to realise that you get what you ask for. If you ask all shy and scared: &ldquo;Honey would it turn you off if labeled myself a feminist?&rdquo; and then be surprised if he says yes it may just be time to realise that for every man out there that finds feminism a turn off, there are two dozen that find a strong self-respecting female partner the biggest turn on there is. So rather than being self deprecatory and at the same time complain about douche-bags, maybe realise that likely as not you are right just the way you are and assert that. Then maybe you don&rsquo;t have to yammer as much.</p>

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [rant](tag-rant.md) [getoverit](tag-getoverit.md) [ifyoucarryonthisway](tag-ifyoucarryonthisway.md) [girl](tag-girl.md) [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](86335150849.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](86340960339.md) |