<!--
title: It&rsquo;s absolutely bizarre. I have these relocation agents supposedly helping me. They claim to be helping with house hunting. I told them that I am moving a family of 4 people and I told them my housing budget. One would expect, that the reaction is a statement about possible areas to move to. What I got instead was a list of the 10 most expensive areas in London and the statement that I might not want to look for a 3 bedroom place there but rather for a 1 bedroom. My head was like
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.316Z
tags: relocation, agents, regular
-->


It&rsquo;s absolutely bizar...

<p>It&rsquo;s absolutely bizarre. I have these relocation agents supposedly helping me. They claim to be helping with house hunting. I told them that I am moving a family of 4 people and I told them my housing budget.</p>

<p>One would expect, that the reaction is a statement about possible areas to move to. What I got instead was a list of the 10 most expensive areas in London and the statement that I might not want to look for a 3 bedroom place there but rather for a 1 bedroom.</p>

<p>My head was like: do we need to practice basic listening comprehension? Hello, family of <b>4</b> not going to happen with a <b>1</b> bedroom. After all, I actually still love my wife and am not playing golf yet.</p>

<p>So I specifically ask: &ldquo;OK, since you know London better than me, maybe you could suggest some areas, that will fit both my budgetary and space needs&rdquo;. Which is definitely possible, since my rental budget is roughly the national average gross salary, and there are potential properties to be found via zoopla.co.uk</p>

<p>Any case. They said they&rsquo;d research that. Now I just received another document from them, which gives a &ldquo;Market Overview&rdquo; of ???</p>

<p>You guessed it! <b>The 10 most expensive areas of London</b>!</p>

<p>So I guess it&rsquo;ll be up to me actually research and locate a place to live. I have no idea yet what the point of that relocation service then really is, but I am determined to find out. I am pretty sure, that they do actually provide something of value, I just don&rsquo;t quite know what yet.</p>

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [relocation](tag-relocation.md) [agents](tag-agents.md) [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](87792760355.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](87807283744.md) |