<!--
title: I am not really into gambling. The most I have ever gambled was playing poker for gummy-bears. But this year like does feel like a game of poker, or at least how I imagine it feeling. For years I have been talking of leaving the country and moving somewhere else. This spring life dealt me a hand that allowed me to go for it. It looked hard into my eyes and said
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.335Z
tags: life, game, poker, regular
-->


I am not really into gambli...

<p>I am not really into gambling. The most I have ever gambled was playing poker for gummy-bears. But this year like does feel like a game of poker, or at least how I imagine it feeling.</p>

<p>For years I have been talking of leaving the country and moving somewhere else. This spring life dealt me a hand that allowed me to go for it. It looked hard into my eyes and said:</p>

<p><strong>&ldquo;I think you have been bluffing&rdquo;</strong></p>

<p>Well now we had to make a choice and we showed our hand. Well we are winning that game. I found a job in London. The last two weeks we were there to find a place to live, a school for the kids, and do a lot the administrative tasks.</p>

<p>London treated us like a charm. A city is so different when you are there with a view toward staying. And then our time was up. It was back to Austria for a week before going on our holiday to the US that we had planned/booked for like a year.</p>

<p>Being in London felt like winning that game of poker. I could almost feel the chips on my arms as I proverbially shovelled them toward me with every step in setting up life there. Leaving London felt awful, because I had to give all those chips back to the croupier, watching lovingly as they go back to the office.</p>

<p>No I&rsquo;m just sitting here, waiting for them to come out with the actual winnings. <strong>I so can&rsquo;t wait to go back and actually live there!</strong></p>

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [life](tag-life.md) [game](tag-game.md) [poker](tag-poker.md) [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](89738339086.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](89750314189.md) |