<!--
title: Dad on cultural appropriation. (conversation was in Spanish)
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.339Z
tags: dad, cultural, appropriation, conversation
-->


Dad on cultural appropriati...

***Me:*** Hey Dad, I have a question ***Dad:*** Alright, lets see if it's within my reach ***Me:*** What do you think of cultural appropriation? ***Dad:*** what? ***Me:*** Cultural appropriation. ***Dad:*** I think you mean acculturation. ***Me:*** yeah, I do. But I was using the term the Social Justice Morons use. ***Dad:*** It's a necessary part of being human, you can't just keep the one culture all of your life! ***Me:*** So how offended would you be if a bunch of white people started speaking Spanish? ***Dad:*** Offended? I would be glad, at least they speak my language! ***Me:*** What if a white guy made tacos? ***Dad:*** what kind of taco? why would I be offended? Did I invent it and patent it? ***Me:*** Nope, just an ordinary taco made by a white guy. ***Dad:*** Why would I be offended? It would like a German guy getting offended because I grilled a hamburger ***Me:*** Well, because it's a Mexican food, it was discovered and is integral to Mexican culture. What if a white person doesn't respect the history of the taco. ***Dad:*** When the woman who first created a taco did that, did the Angels descend from heaven with a deed and a copyright form signed by God informing us that only Mexicans can make it? ***Me:*** Nope. It's just a taco. ***Dad:*** Precisely, it's a taco, eat it. I would actually be happy for that white guy, tacos are pretty good. ***Me:*** What if Tyler wanted to celebrate El Dia de Los Muertos? On his own? ***Dad:*** Tell him to pace himself the skulls are made of pure sugar. ***Me:*** What if he wanted to celebrate El Dia de la Independencia? ***Dad:*** Culture is not something handed to you by God to protect and nurse, it's just something that happens to you, and when you think you have it figured out, it changes. That's what cultures do. They change. You know what these people are trying to do, right? ***Me:*** Yeah, ***Dad:*** They want us all to hate each other and not speak to each other. They want us Mexicans in Mexico, Afro-Americans in Africa, Asians in Asia and none of us talking or being nice to each other. With no resources, no trade, no rights, and only the one language that only we're allowed to speak so that we can't communicate with anyone outside. And that's after they'd kill off all the white people. They're like the KKK, if the KKK didn't have balls. ***Me:*** I arrived at the same conclusion. ***Dad:*** Make yourself a coffee. ***Dad:*** ***Dad:*** Just be sure it's Mexican *laughs*

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [dad](tag-dad.md) [cultural](tag-cultural.md) [appropriation](tag-appropriation.md) [conversation](tag-conversation.md) |

| [Newer](90356617784.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](90363572879.md) |