<!--
title: Fuck you! You&apos;re a fucking cunt, you white piece of shit
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.356Z
tags: fuck, youre, fucking, cunt, white, piece, answer
-->


Fuck you! You're a fucking ...


            ***Question: *** Fuck you! You're a fucking cunt, you white piece of shit

            ***Answer: *** Ouhhh, Aaaahhh, what a brilliant piece of prose. First off: no thanks, I&rsquo;d rather not fuck you. I prefer living in a faithful monogamous relationship. Second: your observational and deductive reasoning skills seem to be severely lacking. Let me demonstrate by plucking your last sentence apart into its component statements: 1. You are a fucking cunt 2. You are white 3. You are a piece of shit As to the first one, considering my severe lack if such an organ, it is simply biologically impossible for me to be a cunt, much less a fucking cunt. If I were to infer from the terseness if your prose that it originated on a mobile device I could then assume you meant to say: &ldquo;You are fucking a cunt&rdquo; a statement that while occasionally true, lacks any contextual relevance. As to the second, you have brilliantly deduced from my posts and profile photo. Bravo. Though I fail to see the contextual relevance once more. As to the third, you are simply mistaking qualities. Shit is the processed and excreted food-waste of animals. I on the other hand am an animal. Now one could claim that the world is shit and since I live in it we share an identity, but that would be a bit much philosophy and metaphysics to infer from you prose. So in closing, you get a 1 out of 3 on your observational skills, which is not a passing grade. Now I could of course be utterly wrong and mistake your attempts at insults for actual coherent expression. That however would sadden me because it means that I have failed to demonstrate that the oral flatulence of an anonymous ask has very little impact on my self esteem.
            

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [fuck](tag-fuck.md) [youre](tag-youre.md) [fucking](tag-fucking.md) [cunt](tag-cunt.md) [white](tag-white.md) [piece](tag-piece.md) [answer](tag-answer.md) |

| [Newer](92727211180.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](92736449341.md) |