<!--
title: Someone painted the flags on the Brooklyn Bridge white and all Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams has to say is
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.360Z
tags: capture, flag, regular
-->


Someone painted the flags o...

<p>Someone painted the flags on the Brooklyn Bridge white and all Brooklyn Borough President Eric Adams has to say is:</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>If flying a white flag atop the Brooklyn Bridge is someone’s idea of a joke, I’m not laughing. The public safety of our city is of paramount importance, particularly our landmarks and bridges that are already known to be high-risk targets. We will not surrender our public safety to anyone, at any time. Political and social expression, whatever its message may be, has a place in our society, but not at the expense of others’ security. I am confident in the NYPD’s ability to investigate this matter.</p>
</blockquote>

<p>Now I don&rsquo;t know about you, but if some punks manage to climb the bridge and paint a flag white, then you don&rsquo;t really have any <strong>public safety</strong> there and the punk has simply showed you off as an <strong>absolute failure</strong>. So rather than berate them he should have said:</p>

<blockquote>
  <p>I thank these punks for showing us that we are failing in protecting landmarks and bridges that are already known to be high-risk targets. I vow to do better. Give me 3 months. If this happens ever again after that, I will resign immediately.</p>
</blockquote>

<p>So dear NYPD, stop wasting your time looking for the perps. They were helping you see that you are not doing your job.</p>

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [capture](tag-capture.md) [flag](tag-flag.md) [regular](tag-regular.md) |

| [Newer](93085433079.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](93095759285.md) |