<!--
title:
date: 2020-06-28T15:27:00.366Z
tags: gay, couple, met, restaurant, conversation
-->




***undefined*** (A gay couple has just met up in the restaurant and kissed each other upon arrival. Another customer has seen this and is obviously angry.) ***Angry Customer:*** “Damn f**s.” ***Gay Man:*** “Excuse me?” ***Angry Customer:*** “You heard me, you little s***. Let’s not make this into some little pride protest, okay? I have to accept that you’re going to live your lifestyle, and you have to accept that I’ve got freedom of speech.” ***Gay Man:*** *quietly* “Is it too much to ask for a little human decency?” ***Angry Customer:*** “Human? Listen up, what you’re doing is not human. I think I have the right to determine what I think is human.” ***undefined*** (The manager shows up. He’s a quiet Italian man who I assume is conservative due to the Christian imagery and portrait of Reagan he keeps around the restaurant.) ***Angry Customer:*** *to the owner* “Hey, can you move either them or us to another table?” ***undefined*** (Instead of responding to the angry customer, the owner instead speaks to his wife.) ***Owner:*** “I’m sorry ma’am, but we have a strict ‘no pets’ policy in my restaurant.” ***Wife:*** “Uh, I, uh, what? I don’t have a—” ***Owner:*** “Well, according to your talking monkey over here, I can determine who’s a human and who’s not. You bring an animal into my restaurant; I gotta assume it’s your pet.” ***undefined*** (The angry customer storms out. When I left, the owner was giving his description, and copies of security camera footage, to the biggest crowd of police I’ve seen. Apparently it’s a bad idea to not pay your bill at a restaurant that gives free coffee to cops.)

<!--BOTTOM-POST-NAVIGATION-->
---

| [Tags](tags.md) | [gay](tag-gay.md) [couple](tag-couple.md) [met](tag-met.md) [restaurant](tag-restaurant.md) [conversation](tag-conversation.md) |

| [Newer](94080388942.md) | [Top](index.md) | [Older](94096939334.md) |