<!--
title: Tag tech
date: 2020-06-28T15:26:59.012Z
tags:
-->
# Tag tech

 * [I had a conversation last night with one of those coffee-script loving developers and I once again stated that I really dislike coffee-script. Contrary to previous exchanges of this nature this person did something unusual and smart for the breed](65050913787.md)
 * [I stumbled across another instance of messed up OAuth today. OAuth is intended to give services the ability to access all or parts of another on behalf of a user. This is great, since it enables a lot of interactivity on the net. It is actually designed in a way that allows for the service requesting access to specify what access it wants. Except it does not give the user any choice in what rights to grant. Take the example of Disqus. If you log in via Twitter, Disqus asks for the right to access your account information as well as tweet on your behalf. And that’s where the trouble starts. I have no issue with handing over my information that Twitter has to Disqus, but under no circumstances do I ever want Disqus to tweet on my behalf. There is simply no reason it ever should. And truth be told, Disqus has so many silly or stupid idio(t)syncrasies that it is not really a trustworthy service. Not that I think they are malicious, I just don’t trust their sense of right and wrong to steer them right. (Any case](65142558736.md)
 * [Over the years, I have often heard/read the same question, or type of question](67461972222.md)
 * [Why Amazon Web Services and Dropbox need each other](67571404208.md)
 * [I love my iPhone and rely on it for many many things in my life. Because of this it pains me when a truly horrible iPhone user experience comes my way where i have to ask myself](67654719733.md)
 * [A bit ago I wrote a post about Ghost in which I made the claim that they had pretty much screwed it up. Of course this presumes that there is a common understanding of what that and “doing it right” means. I have been doing a lot of thinking about that for a while and have spoken to a few people (read non-tech, blog writers). By now I have come to some conclusions; too many to put into one post](68352397942.md)
 * [Pebble Meeting Tech](68558013715.md)
 * [Who knows what could happen in the long term? Uber could start using self-driving cars made by Google (one of its investors) to eliminate the need for human drivers, driving down its costs even more. It could introduce a near-instantaneous delivery service to rival Amazon’s drones. It could roll out a subscription service, akin to Amazon Prime, that would include perks like predictive transportation, so that, for example, when Uber sees an appointment on your Google calendar for a cross-town meeting, it sends a car to your office automatically at the right time … The result of Uber’s efforts, in other words, could be the creation of a techno-metropolis, in which people and goods are ferreted around seamlessly and, perhaps, automatically. It would be like something out of a sci-fi movie.](70174750981.md)
 * [newyorker](70200337341.md)
 * [News sites could protect your privacy with encryption. Here’s why they probably won’t.](70300681921.md)
 * [Tech Geekdom Lego](70432593949.md)
 * [This post has been brewing for over two years and consists mainly of observations and rants. These may or may not be based in fact, but they were observed. True to my style they are random and jumbled. Take them as such and don’t inspect them for deeper meaning. I have been doing something or other with computers every since my mom gave up trying to understand them in 1983. Computers were more interresting than homework, so I spent my time on them rather than homework (totally worth it). Point is, I’ve been doing this for a while and have had the chance to observe quite a number of people in the field. I have seen genius and I have seen utter stupidity. And neither was tied in any meaningful way to gender. From my personal observations, I always thought that there is very little distinction in terms of gender and computers. But then i grew up on the tail end of a history of computing determined by women. Before my time even, computers were thought of as the domain of women. But I digress. Things have changed and today women in tech are, at least in the western world, a rarity. In recent years, we were off and on looking for people to add to our technical team. And it fell to me to find them. I did a lot of interviews, and the thing that actually surprised me was how many female applicants there were. From seeing how many women there are in tech, I would have expected around 10% when in actuality it’s closer to 50%. When you are actually looking to hire people, you are trying to figure out whether they are (or could be) any good at the job you want them for. For that you start by looking at the paper form. What is their experience like, how did they do in school, what did they write about for their thesis and so on. This is where I was in for surprise number two](71950567767.md)
 * [How to Get Ahead as a Woman in Tech](93027881310.md)

| [Tags](tags.md) | [Top](index.md) |
