<!--
title: Tag quote
date: 2020-06-28T15:26:58.260Z
tags:
-->
# Tag quote

 * [The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.](100267282654.md)
 * [Sometimes I wrestle my demons. Sometimes we just snuggle.](100602787559.md)
 * [Another myth that is firmly upheld is that disabled people are dependent and non-disabled people are independent. No one is actually independent. This is a myth perpetuated by disablism and driven by capitalism - we are all actually interdependent. Chances are, disabled or not, you don’t grow all of your food. Chances are, you didn’t build the car, bike, wheelchair, subway, shoes, or bus that transports you. Chances are you didn’t construct your home. Chances are you didn’t sew your clothing (or make the fabric and thread used to sew it). The difference between the needs that many disabled people have and the needs of people who are not labelled as disabled is that non-disabled people have had their dependencies normalized. The world has been built to accommodate certain needs and call the people who need those things independent, while other needs are considered exceptional. Each of us relies on others every day. We all rely on one another for support, resources, and to meet our needs. We are all interdependent. This interdependence is not weakness; rather, it is a part of our humanity.](101501308299.md)
 * [No matter how much you push the envelope, it will still be stationary.](101848315659.md)
 * [“Give a man a fire and he’s warm for a day, but set fire to him and he’s warm for the rest of his life.” -Terry Pratchett](105121530279.md)
 * [Social networks are designed around who you are and who you know. They’re for 24/7 contact with your family, classmates, friends, bosses, coworkers, ex-classmates, ex-bosses, ex-coworkers, ex-friends, ex-family, and exes, in a medium that doesn’t leave much room for humanity, filtering, subtlety, and nuance. Some people love it; I only see the irrelevance, drama, and baggage that comes with it, and being politically impossible to un-“friend” many of them. As a teenager, I escaped from these real-life people, problems, and social statuses to the internet — the last thing I wanted was to be surrounded by them there, too.](107720093164.md)
 * [I believe it is an established maxim in morals that he who makes an assertion without knowing whether it is true or false, is guilty of falsehood; and the accidental truth of the assertion, does not justify or excuse him.](107826375279.md)
 * [And despite all of the pronouncements over the years from Americans who swore the morally disastrous war on terror had taught them valuable lessons, the popularity of “American Sniper” testifies that there’s one conclusion many of us are still unwilling to reach](109124782694.md)
 * [Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.](110192188024.md)
 * [Are gods really gods if no one believes in them anymore? Zeus takes walks in the rain and tries to talk up joggers in central park. When they bolt, or only return his advances with polite smiles that look like fence posts too high for even him to jump, he sighs. He tells them he is a god, and his words echo back to him, accompanied by laughter. No one believes him He picks up his wife, who might be his sister in this time, in a beat up car with a beautiful flame job, Hera is a marriage counselor with peacock feather bags under her eyes, her advice falls on her own deaf ears as her jealous eyes roam over every girl they pass, and she is right to. She knows this. She has always known. Poseidon’s hands are rough and calloused, he raises cargo too heavy for a man his age, the young ones say. He laughs his fisherman’s laugh, all depths and riptide, because no one should be his age. He reminds himself he is one of the lucky ones, he gets to be around what he loves. He may not have his dominion any more, but salt water and sun still weather his face. Hades stalks the streets at night, women cross the street to avoid him, and he smiles with his needle-teeth, they are right to. This winter he is without a bride, and he still wants to usher souls into the afterlife, the pistol hangs heavy in his pocket, his tongue glints gold, the coin to pay his Charon, his most loyal employee. He brings knives to gunfights and guns to fistfights, he stands with his arms out like their new God, these fickle humans, he welcomes the bullets. He dares them to kill him. They try. Ares and Athena spit curses laced with whiskey from across dive bar floors, they are moving human pawns across a chessboard. They were strategists before they were gangsters, but it doesn’t matter now. Apollo sings in a nightclub, his crooning voice from a forgotten time. He has his sister’s blood under his fingernails, from stitching up wound after wound, Artemis forgets she is not invincible anymore. He sings about the moon and wonders where she is, picking a fight with some would-be rapist, maybe it’s Zeus. It’s probably Zeus. Again. Dionysus drinks away their shared pain, dealing LSD in dark alleyways, he whispers sweet promises and his followers believe him, he was human once and he can be again, like wine, he knew nothing so sweet could have lasted forever. Icarus sidles up to his side, asking if he’s got anything that can make you feel like you can fly. In this life, he is a junkie, and Daedalus watches with ancient, sad eyes. Icarus is melting and Dionysus is letting him. Hestia sits by the hearth and waits for her family to come home. And she listens while they all curse their immortality. She shakes her head slow and clicks her tongue, I know, my darlings, I know. Are gods really gods if no one believes in them anymore? Does it matter?](110994444049.md)
 * [RT @hellomag](111987350404.md)
 * [Human beings make life so interesting. In a universe of such wonders, they have managed to invent boredom.](113732219504.md)
 * [The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality of happiness, and by no means a necessity of life.](116241532679.md)
 * [The worst job of all is fruit-stand owner in action movies](117789199724.md)
 * [Light thinks it travels faster than anything, but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.](120036980759.md)
 * [To argue with a person who has renounced the use of reason is like administering medicine to the dead.](120134403779.md)
 * [By the first world war, soldiers swore so much that the word ‘fucking’ came to function as no more than ‘a warning that a noun is coming’.](120135085934.md)
 * [If every trace of any single religion were wiped out and nothing were passed on, it would never be created exactly that way again. There might be some other nonsense in its place, but not that exact nonsense. If all of science were wiped out, it would still be true and someone would find a way to figure it all out again.](123112371204.md)
 * [‘It takes more energy to frown than it does to smile!’ You know it takes more energy to point that out than it does to leave me alone.](132232074750.md)
 * [Imagine the people who believe such things and who are not ashamed to ignore, totally, all the patient findings of thinking minds through all the centuries since the Bible was written. And it is these ignorant people, the most uneducated, the most unimaginative, the most unthinking among us, who would make themselves the guides and leaders of us all; who would force their feeble and childish beliefs on us; who would invade our schools and libraries and homes. I personally resent it bitterly.](132394488224.md)
 * [vorfreude](132824642986.md)
 * [When greeting people early in the day I just say “Morning” rather than “Good Morning”, because if it were a GOOD morning I’d be in bed.](134460418134.md)
 * [That which can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.](135459869010.md)
 * [Human beings make life so interesting. In a universe so full of wonders they have managed to invent boredom.](136152811024.md)
 * [It is absurd to hold that a man ought to be ashamed of being unable to defend himself with his limbs but not of being unable to defend himself with speech and reason, when the use of reason is more distinctive of a human being than the use of his limbs.](136250691059.md)
 * [If you vote for Trump because you don’t like establishment politics, that’s like drinking from the toilet in a bar because you don’t like the establishment beer.](140213762974.md)
 * [Photo 2016-03-15 23](141113243894.md)
 * [If a government cuts taxes for those earning double or more of the national average while at the same time cutting assistance to those most in need that is simply wrong; no further debate needed, that is simply wrong.](141433797349.md)
 * [Faith consists in believing when it is beyond the power of reason to believe.](141839105124.md)
 * [It’s a bit remiss of Venice that it doesn’t attempt to turn around its ailing tourist industry by referring to itself as “The Birmingham of the South”](142469124562.md)
 * [It’s a bit remiss of Venice that it doesn’t attempt to turn around its ailing tourist industry by referring to itself as “The Birmingham of the South”](142469144539.md)
 * [Christianity is assuredly the most ridiculous, the most absurd and the most bloody religion which has ever infected this world.](142690376779.md)
 * [There is a rumour going around that I have found god. I think this is unlikely because I have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist.](143591089939.md)
 * [The mentality of the Austrians is like a Punschkrapfen](144106003274.md)
 * [In football everything is complicated by the presence of the opposing team.](144267547759.md)
 * [The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.](146409360874.md)
 * [The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.](146409395839.md)
 * [My own view is that this planet is used as a penal colony, lunatic asylum and dumping ground by a superior civilization, to get rid of the undesirable and unfit. I can’t prove it, but you can’t disprove it either.](147497184029.md)
 * [I have come to the conclusion that Donald Trump is right](148265901309.md)
 * [A Sainsbury’s spokesperson said an investigation into the incident was continuing, adding](148742968534.md)
 * [What are the facts and what is the truth the facts bear out. Never let yourself be diverted either by what you wish to believe, or by what you think would have beneficent social effect if it were believed.](150362889285.md)
 * [Those who can make you believe absurdities can make you commit atrocities.](150484169228.md)
 * [We, all of us, are what happens when a primordial mixture of hydrogen and helium evolves for so long that it begins to ask where it came from.](150535361706.md)
 * [I might repeat to myself, slowly and soothingly, a list of quotations beautiful from minds profound; if I can remember any of the damn things.](152334717674.md)
 * [A conservative is a man who sits and thinks, mostly sits.](152342713378.md)
 * [Feminism is the radical notion that women are human beings.](152372954920.md)
 * [Ideally, what should be said to every child, repeatedly, throughout his or her school life is something like this](152378493470.md)
 * [Outside of a dog a book is man’s best friend. Inside a dog it’s too dark to read.](152457316189.md)
 * [When you light a fire for a girl she’ll be warm for a few hours. If you light a girl on fire she’ll be warm for the rest of her life.](152893090840.md)
 * [Not so with politics. How all of us vote, collectively, matters a great deal. But how any one of us votes does not. Imagine a college professor told her class of 210 million students, “Three months from now, we’ll have a final exam. You won’t get your own personal grade. Instead, I’ll average all of your grades together, and everyone will receive the same grade.” No one would bother to study, and the average grade would be an F. That in a nutshell is how democracy works.](153027693464.md)
 * [The way to do research is to attack the facts at the point of greatest astonishment](153080594026.md)
 * [Rules give anarchy something to aim at.](153258600596.md)
 * [Misogynist](153595674997.md)
 * [And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music.](153946649312.md)
 * [The anthropologists got it wrong when they named our species Homo sapiens (‘wise man’). In any case it’s an arrogant and bigheaded thing to say, wisdom being one of our least evident features. In reality, we are Pan narrans, the storytelling chimpanzee.](153954632752.md)
 * [How do you tell a Communist? Well, it’s someone who reads Marx and Lenin. And how do you tell an anti-Communist? It’s someone who understands Marx and Lenin.](154162024422.md)
 * [A mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge.](155476062790.md)
 * [There is a rumour going around that I have found god. I think this is unlikely because I have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist.](157309518677.md)
 * [Be careful who you make memories with. Those things can last a lifetime.](157569382609.md)
 * [… and became so bored that they gave up the hobby and turned to fishing for 20 years.](157815959754.md)
 * [Men asking “and when is international men’s day” this March 8th strike me like the millionaire asking why they don’t get housing benefits.](158148201629.md)
 * [Those in favor of these programs have trotted out the same rhetorical question we hear every time privacy advocates oppose ID checks, video cameras, massive databases, data mining, and other wholesale surveillance measures](159031694011.md)
 * [A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequila.](159263382898.md)
 * [Being a florist is essentially a lot like what I imagine being a mortician is about. You’re basically keeping dead things looking good for as long as possible. You keep the product in the fridge so it doesn’t rot and look horrible by the time the family gets a whack at it, and in the meanwhile you put it in a nice container.](159335932877.md)
 * [Can you please stop praying and instead get rid of the guns!](160276471774.md)
 * [Teenagers are acne ridden, inert matter. The only way to induce movement is to separate one from its mobile phone; and if you manage to do that the only way to keep it from attacking is with rhinoceros tranquilliser.](162054125224.md)
 * [Don’t look for the light at the end of the tunnel; stomp along there and turn the fucker on yourself.](163112346974.md)
 * [Jesus died on Friday for our sins; but then he was resurrected on Sunday; so he really just gave up his weekend for our sins. Guess we weren’t so bad after all.](163296051189.md)
 * [Photo 2017-09-25 12](165723666199.md)
 * [The only thing more difficult than making friends is to get rid of them.](168403548879.md)
 * [When you speak to god you are religious. When god speaks to you you are insane. Sounds like the same thing to me.](168424302386.md)
 * [The advantage of intelligence is that one can play dumb. Not so much the other way round.](168429048730.md)
 * [If politicians only spoke of things that they understood, the silence in the halls of parliament would be astounding.](168435915892.md)
 * [I did not have sexual relations with that woman!](168921438216.md)
 * [Some politicians and CEOs boast that they need only four hours’ sleep, but it simply isn’t true. Take Donald Trump, for example. If this were the case, the scientific evidence would suggest he would be overweight, show erratic behaviour, poor judgment and frequent mood swings.](174793284389.md)
 * [School is the advertising agency which makes you believe that you need the society as it is.](62077088239.md)
 * [If you think technology can solve your security problems, then you don’t understand the problems and you don’t understand the technology.](62249966623.md)
 * [You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete.](63652238977.md)
 * [Nearly a hundred years ago it was realized that statutes were necessary to address two groups of people who could not be counted on to have self control. In 1914 Congress passed the Harrison Narcotics Act which ended addicts’ unrestricted access to drugs, and in 1917 the Second Liberty Bond Act which ended Congress’s unrestricted access to borrowing money. A century later, some things don’t seem to have changed tremendously.](64052787788.md)
 * [I think satisfying yourself is easier to do than satisfying the audience because the audience is a moving target. I mean, we’re talking about “the audience” but who is the audience, you know what I’m saying? It’s all subjective. You should know no one better than you know yourself, and in being honest with yourself in making the movie, I think you can hit your intended target. Through being honest with yourself and doing something that’s close to you, it’ll connect with other people. They’ll connect with the honesty of it. If you look at a filmmaker’s filmography, their best work is the stuff that was closest to them, where they were trying to hit a target in themselves, not an audience target. I think that’s the difference between making art and making commerce.](64372667270.md)
 * [If you oppose misogyny with misandry you’ll just end up with misanthropy.](64425539879.md)
 * [Sometimes the first duty of intelligent men is the restatement of the obvious.](64475572492.md)
 * [This would be the best of all possible worlds, if there were no religion in it](64587447593.md)
 * [Where do terms like nestegg come from? If you leave an egg in a nest it either hatches or it doesn’t. If it does it either flies or crawls away, right? If it doesn’t you’ve got a stupid, rotten egg and what good is that?](64778462746.md)
 * [What if the poetic has left the poem in the same way that Elvis has left the building? Long after the limo pulled away, the audience was still in the arena screaming for more, but poetry escaped out the backdoor and onto the Internet, where it is taking on new forms that look nothing like poetry.](64940005337.md)
 * [No franchise must be left unexploited, no film unremade, no TV series unreimagined in our commercial desperation to avoid the undignified recourse of trying to think of a new idea, and then trying to get the public interested in it. Our civilisation echoes to the sound of the bottom of barrels being industriously scraped.](64949963960.md)
 * [Freedom of speech is a principal pillar of a free government; when this support is taken away, the constitution of a free society is dissolved, and tyranny is erected on its ruins.](64953006816.md)
 * [What can be asserted without proof can be dismissed without proof.](65224377639.md)
 * [From NPR](65699193054.md)
 * [We’ve done lots of research on why young women don’t choose tech careers and number one is they think it’s not interesting. Number two, they think they wouldn’t be good at it. Number three, they think they will be working with a number of people that they just wouldn’t feel comfortable or happy working alongside.](65778592132.md)
 * [Now, we are all teen girls. Every time I click the reblog button or stumble across a stranger’s expertly curated Tumblr, I feel like I’m tapping some long-buried version of my teenage self.](65881708029.md)
 * [When a claim is falsified in Science everybody agrees it is bogus; it’s discarded; it’s put into the trash bin of bad ideas. When a claim of religion is falsified it becomes a metaphor.](65898480738.md)
 * [The argument that the advent of the Internet somehow marks a Telecom Year Zero after which nothing will ever be the same can be made only by ignoring the actual history of literature. Look at Kafka’s obsession with telephones; or the way the phonograph, for Bram Stoker, mirrors the vampire as a machine for bringing the dead to life (or, conversely, storing the living in dead form); or at the obsessive attention Samuel Richardson’s Clarissa is forced to pay to ink and desks and messengers.](66087535004.md)
 * [Yes I am homosexual,](66194969862.md)
 * [The New Kodak Moment](66274356291.md)
 * [Good morning is a contradiction of terms](66287446064.md)
 * [It’s easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled.](66686756307.md)
 * [It was no wonder that people were so horrible when they started life as children.](66882008096.md)
 * [There is a lot you can learn about the mind from studying the fruit flies of psychological research—college undergraduates.](66961992613.md)
 * [I’ve been fighting for now 14 years to try to do this, to make all the subway turnstiles make music. I want to make every station in New York have a different set of dominant keys, so that people when they grow up, later on in life, will hear a piece of music and be like, “Oh that’s Union Square.” So when you go through the turnstiles, there would be a thing that would make a beep of a certain note. And it would have a random note generator that would be based on a percentage, so that the root note would be a higher percentage of going off, then the third, then the fifth. And during rush hour in the bigger stations, it would hopefully make a really beautiful piece of music. Each line would be a piece. The green line would go through different chords and when they intersected with other lines that would change that station.](66974840984.md)
 * [You’re allowed to believe in a god. You’re allowed to believe unicorns live in your shoes for all I care. But the day you start telling me how to wear my shoes so I don’t upset the unicorns, I have a problem with you. The day you start involving the unicorns in making decisions for this country and this world. I have a big problem with you.](67251287415.md)
 * [We are not allowed to call the Higgs Boson the “God-Particle” anymore, because now there is evidence that it actually exists.](67376203276.md)
 * [There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.](67966891719.md)
 * [If God wants something from me, he would tell me. He wouldn’t leave someone else to do this, as if an infinite being were short on time. And he would certainly not leave fallible, sinful humans to deliver an endless plethora of confused and contradictory messages. God would deliver the message himself, directly, to each and every one of us, and with such clarity as the most brilliant being in the universe could accomplish. We would all hear him out and shout “Eureka!” So obvious and well-demonstrated would his message be. It would be spoken to each of us in exactly those terms we would understand. And we would all agree on what that message was.](68665090651.md)
 * [There is not enough love and kindness in the world to permit us to give any of it away to imaginary beings.](69890366676.md)
 * [Organized religion is like organized crime; it preys on people’s weakness, generates huge profits for its operators, and is almost impossible to eradicate.](69970473985.md)
 * [Why is the queen of England on Canadian money? Because England basically raised Canada until we were old enough to make our own decisions. America left home super early and made bad life choices as a result.](70174387433.md)
 * [Who knows what could happen in the long term? Uber could start using self-driving cars made by Google (one of its investors) to eliminate the need for human drivers, driving down its costs even more. It could introduce a near-instantaneous delivery service to rival Amazon’s drones. It could roll out a subscription service, akin to Amazon Prime, that would include perks like predictive transportation, so that, for example, when Uber sees an appointment on your Google calendar for a cross-town meeting, it sends a car to your office automatically at the right time … The result of Uber’s efforts, in other words, could be the creation of a techno-metropolis, in which people and goods are ferreted around seamlessly and, perhaps, automatically. It would be like something out of a sci-fi movie.](70174750981.md)
 * [It’s around this time of year, the Schrödinger family start getting nervous about opening presents from Dad.](70491395239.md)
 * [You want to say Hi to the cute girl on the subway. How will she react? Fortunately, I can tell you with some certainty, because she’s already sending messages to you. Looking out the window, reading a book, working on a computer, arms folded across chest, body away from you = do not disturb. So, y’know, don’t disturb her. Really. Even to say that you like her hair, shoes, or book. A compliment is not always a reason for women to smile and say thank you. You are a threat, remember? You are Schrödinger’s Rapist. Don’t assume that whatever you have to say will win her over with charm or flattery. Believe what she’s signaling, and back off.](71191736780.md)
 * [1.Stop posting negative sh*t about celebrities on social media. Miley Cyrus does not care what you think about her haircut, Justin Bieber does not care what you think of his tattoos and Gwyneth Paltrow couldn’t care less regarding what you think about her diet. 2. Stop resenting yourself for drunk texting your ex. Sure, its a little embarrassing, but at least you’re addressing your feelings. Not that you should aim to drink an entire bottle of rum then see what happens, but… roll with the punches. 3. Leave the country. If you don’t have money, look into doing charity work abroad. Some programs will sponsor you. 4. If you hate your job, quit your job. Repeat after me](71409310498.md)
 * [Saying that you are moral because you believe in a god is like saying you are an economist because you play Monopoly.](71512134925.md)
 * [I had only a little time left and I didn’t want to waste it on God](71515726178.md)
 * [While functionally developed in the Netherlands, the most iconic boomboxes were created in Japan during the 1970s and ’80s. This was a time when Japanese design and manufacturing was evolving from a copying culture to an innovating culture, and the boombox is a great example of this. I want to find the inventors of these important “grail” boxes and tell the stories of how they designed the machines we love, before it’s too late.](71631176970.md)
 * [Every American should know basic math. Every American should understand the logical underpinnings to coding, the way conditional clauses work and the cyclical way in which systems are constructed. Americans should know that the way a website works isn’t the way a video game works which isn’t the way a bank’s database works, but they don’t need to learn to “code” all of those things. Just as every American doesn’t need to get certified as a mechanic, but should know how to change a tire, every American should know how computer systems work in the abstract but doesn’t need to code.](71646687175.md)
 * [God is great. It’s so refreshing to have a father figure where I’m the one who doesn’t believe in him.](71745742681.md)
 * [God is great. It’s so refreshing to have a father figure where I’m the one who doesn’t believe in him.](71748297448.md)
 * [If every trace of any single religion were wiped out and nothing were passed on, it would never be created exactly that way again. There might be some other nonsense in its place, but not that exact nonsense. If all of science were wiped out, it would still be true and someone would find a way to figure it all out again.](71842613007.md)
 * [Will booze get really cheap after new years like candy gets after Halloween? I forget how these things work.](71878686514.md)
 * [The (500) Days of Summer attitude of “He wants you so bad” seems attractive to some women and men, especially younger ones, but I would encourage anyone who has a crush on my character to watch it again and examine how selfish he is. He develops a mildly delusional obsession over a girl onto whom he projects all these fantasies. He thinks she’ll give his life meaning because he doesn’t care about much else going on in his life. A lot of boys and girls think their lives will have meaning if they find a partner who wants nothing else in life but them. That’s not healthy. That’s falling in love with the idea of a person, not the actual person.](71946103385.md)
 * [If you take a scam, and apply enough regulation, you can get something approximating a functioning economy.](71957594791.md)
 * [In the same way that the transition from film to digital is now taken for granted, the shift from cameras to networked devices with lenses should be obvious. While we’ve long obsessed over the size of the film and image sensors, today we mainly view photos on networked screens—often tiny ones, regardless of how the image was captured—and networked photography provides access to forms of data that go beyond pixels. This information, like location, weather, or even radiation levels, can transform an otherwise innocuous photo of an empty field near Fukushima into an entirely different object.](71980009199.md)
 * [Let’s face it - English is a crazy language. There is no egg in eggplant nor ham in hamburger; neither apple nor pine in pineapple. English muffins weren’t invented in England or French fries in France. Sweetmeats are candies while sweetbreads, which aren’t sweet, are meat. We take English for granted. But if we explore its paradoxes, we find that quicksand can work slowly, boxing rings are square and a guinea pig is neither from Guinea nor is it a pig. And why is it that writers write but fingers don’t fing, grocers don’t groce and hammers don’t ham? If the plural of tooth is teeth, why isn’t the plural of booth beeth? One goose, 2 geese. So one moose, 2 meese? One index, 2 indices? Doesn’t it seem crazy that you can make amends but not one amend? If you have a bunch of odds and ends and get rid of all but one of them, what do you call it? If teachers taught, why didn’t preachers praught? If a vegetarian eats vegetables, what does a humanitarian eat? In what language do people recite at a play and play at a recital? Ship by truck and send cargo by ship? Have noses that run and feet that smell? How can a slim chance and a fat chance be the same, while a wise man and a wise guy are opposites? You have to marvel at the unique lunacy of a language in which your house can burn up as it burns down, in which you fill in a form by filling it out and in which an alarm goes off by going on. English was invented by people, not computers, and it reflects the creativity of the human race (which, of course, isn’t a race at all). That is why, when the stars are out, they are visible, but when the lights are out, they are invisible.](72008050684.md)
 * [I wonder how many people’s New Years resolutions were around not doing what they did on New Years.](72075345476.md)
 * [Overnight, a layer of snow coated roads and rooftops, front stoops and back gardens like thick cake icing. Six to 10 inches of snow were expected to fall on New York City and eight to 12 inches on Long Island.](72100287528.md)
 * [افتح فمك فقط إن كان ما ستقوله أجمل من الصمت Open your mouth only if what you are going to say is more beautiful than silence](72103073228.md)
 * [Holder of 55 patents and a 2008 inductee to the National Inventors Hall of Fame, Ruth R. Benerito was an American chemist best known for her invention of “easy-care” permanent press cotton, a staple of modern fabrics. Her work at the U.S. Department of Agriculture in New Orleans focused on chemically bonding cotton fibers in a way that would prevent wrinkling. Today, many think of her inventions as having saved the cotton industry. Benerito passed away at age 97 on Oct. 5, 2013](72111654848.md)
 * [If you lose one sense, your other senses are enhanced. It’s why people with no sense of humour have an increased sense of self-importance.](72115069712.md)
 * [If you’re lucky enough to find joy in life, share it. Life is too short to let it be empty.](72115146665.md)
 * [You don’t know anyone at the party, so you don’t want to go. You don’t like cottage cheese, so you haven’t eaten it in years. This is your choice, of course, but don’t kid yourself](72124578710.md)
 * [Your entire universe is in your mind and nowhere else. To expand the universe, expand your mind.](72197730907.md)
 * [If kids can’t socialize, who should parents blame? Simple](72206156577.md)
 * [17% of cardiac surgeons are women, 17% of tenured professors are women. It just goes on and on. And isn’t that strange that that’s also the percentage of women in crowd scenes in movies? What if we’re actually training people to see that ratio as normal so that when you’re an adult, you don’t notice? …We just heard a fascinating and disturbing study where they looked at the ratio of men and women in groups. And they found that if there’s 17% women, the men in the group think it’s 50-50. And if there’s 33% women, the men perceive that as there being more women in the room than men.](72209601997.md)
 * [Either I am getting old, or they started playing really good music at the supermarket](72215097243.md)
 * [my blood type is coffee](72307158853.md)
 * [If you aren’t hiding anything in your rectum or vagina, why object to someone probing them?](72323426280.md)
 * [If you believe what you like in the gospels, and reject what you don’t like, it is not the gospel you believe, but yourself.](72378585305.md)
 * [The future ain’t what it used to be.](72443182567.md)
 * [As powerful as our legs are, as magnificent as our lungs and arms and muscles are, nothing matters more than the mind.](72453763013.md)
 * [For years, I opened my 11th-grade U.S. history classes by asking students, “What’s the name of that guy they say discovered America?” A few students might object to the word “discover,” but they all knew the fellow I was talking about. “Christopher Columbus!” several called out in unison.“Right. So who did he find when he came here?” I asked. Usually, a few students would say, “Indians,” but I asked them to be specific](72554263218.md)
 * [Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing.](72578600830.md)
 * [The master has failed more times than the beginner has even tried.](72654904110.md)
 * [It’s interesting. Also, it’s got such a huge female following. The original [Sir Arthur Conan Doyle] stories had a huge female following, which I’d never forgotten, and that’s because the Victorian ladies liked the way Sherlock looked. (Laughs.) So I thought, use this massively exciting, rather handsome man who could see right through your heart and have no interest … of course, he’s going to be a sex god! I think we pitched that character right. I think our female fanbase all believe that they’ll be the one to melt that glacier. They’re all wrong, nothing will melt that glacier.](72664905998.md)
 * [You may be a delicate flower but, hey, so is Belladonna and it can still kill people.](72688259702.md)
 * [The behaviours that make us human are not professional.](72706173665.md)
 * [Don’t tell me that you love me, because anyone can tell me that. Tell me that I make you tear up with anger and frustration, but at the end of the day you still want to lay down next to me, put your arms around me, and sleep.](72756242862.md)
 * [Most people do not listen with the intent to understand; they listen with the intent to reply.](72779426833.md)
 * [Ten rape prevention tips](72787406672.md)
 * [When did the future switch from being a promise to being a threat?](72861824488.md)
 * [Instead of saying “I don’t have time” try saying “it’s not a priority,” and see how that feels. Often, that’s a perfectly adequate explanation. I have time to iron my sheets, I just don’t want to. But other things are harder. Try it](72883931073.md)
 * [Dear Sir, your orthography leads me to the conclusion that you frequently clean your keyboard and hit send.](72893061019.md)
 * [Scare the world](73077814883.md)
 * [They lie about marijuana. Tell you pot-smoking makes you unmotivated. Lie! When you’re high, you can do everything you normally do just as well — you just realize that it’s not worth the fucking effort. There is a difference.](73081912432.md)
 * [We teach females that in relationships, compromise is what women do. We raise girls to see each other as competitors, not for jobs or for accomplishments— which I think can be a good thing— but for the attention of men. We teach girls that they cannot be sexual beings in the way that boys are. If we have sons, we don’t mind knowing about our sons’ girlfriends, but our daughters boyfriends? ‘God forbid!’ But of course when the time is right, we expect those girls to bring back the perfect man to be their husband. We police girls, we praise girls for virginity, but we don’t praise boys for virginity. And it’s always made me wonder how exactly this is supposed to work out because [laughs] the loss of virginity is usually a process that involves [laughs]…. We teach girls shame. ‘Close your legs!’ ‘Cover yourself!’ We make them feel as though by being born female, they are already guilty of something. And so, girls grow up to be women who cannot say they have desire. They grow up to be women who silence themselves. They grow up to be women who cannot say what they truly think. And they grow up—and this is the worst thing we do to girls—they grow up to be women who have turned pretense into an art form.](73154916870.md)
 * [Tell everyone you know](73187179233.md)
 * [He felt that his whole life was some kind of dream and he sometimes wondered whose it was and whether they were enjoying it.](73253288806.md)
 * [What Darwin was too polite to say, my friends, is that we came to rule the earth not because we were the smartest, or even the meanest, but because we have always been the craziest, most murderous motherfuckers in the jungle.](73492318508.md)
 * [Silence is also conversation.](73505178143.md)
 * [My 5-year-old insists that Bilbo Baggins is a girl. The first time she made this claim, I protested. Part of the fun of reading to your kids, after all, is in sharing the stories you loved as a child. And in the story I knew, Bilbo was a boy. A boy hobbit. (Whatever that entails.) But my daughter was determined. She liked the story pretty well so far, but Bilbo was definitely a girl. So would I please start reading the book the right way? I hesitated. I imagined Tolkien spinning in his grave. I imagined mean letters from his testy estate. I imagined the story getting as lost in gender distinctions as dwarves in the Mirkwood. Then I thought](73603916131.md)
 * [Try to imagine a life without timekeeping. You probably can’t. You know the month, the year, the day of the week. There is a clock on your wall or the dashboard of your car. You have a schedule, a calendar, a time for dinner or a movie. Yet all around you, timekeeping is ignored. Birds are not late. A dog does not check its watch. Deer do not fret over passing birthdays. Man alone measures time. Man alone chimes the hour. And, because of this, man alone suffers a paralyzing fear that no other creature endures. A fear of time running out.](73604476680.md)
 * [Burn that fat!](73639158011.md)
 * [I don’t think people understand how stressful it is to explain what’s going on in your head when you don’t even understand it yourself.](74498853613.md)
 * [Everything in moderation. Except awesome. You can never have enough awesome!](74876628630.md)
 * [Will this be the most kosher Super Bowl? It really doesn’t matter. It’s going to be way too cold outside for most Jewish mothers to let their kids attend to the game.](75140450249.md)
 * [One billion people are malnourished while one-third of the world’s arable land is devoted to the production of feed crops for livestock.](75393588023.md)
 * [Scare the world](75496452733.md)
 * [The reaction at Carnegie Hall was not a real response to a real stimulus…. The full house was made up largely of upper-middle-class young ladies, stylishly dressed, carefully made up, brought into town by private cars or suburban buses for their night to howl, to let go, scream, bump, twist and clutch themselves ecstatically out there in the floodlights for everyone to see and with the full blessings of all authority; indulgent parents, profiteering businessmen, gleeful national media, even the police. Later they can all go home and grow up like their mommies, but this was their chance to attempt a very safe and very private kind of rapture.](76320462899.md)
 * [Being brave doesn’t mean you aren’t scared. Being brave means you are scared, really scared, badly scared, and you do the right thing anyway.](76519620383.md)
 * [If you are insecure, guess what? The rest of the world is, too. Do not overestimate the competition and underestimate yourself. You are better than you think.](76945876431.md)
 * [Oh Lord. Give me coffee to change the things I can change, and red wine to accept the things I can’t.](80097582270.md)
 * [To all those who don’t think the rape joke was a problem, or rape jokes are a problem. I get it, you’re a decent guy. I can even believe it. You’ve never raped anybody. You would NEVER rape anybody. You’re upset that all these feminists are trying to accuse you of doing something or connect you to doing something that, as far as you’re concerned, you’ve never done and would never condone. And they’ve told you about triggers, and PTSD, and how one in six women is a survivor, and you get it. You do. But you can’t let every time someone gets all upset get in the way of you having a good time, right? So fine. If all those arguments aren’t going anything for you, let me tell you this. And I tell you this because I genuinely believe you mean it when you say you don’t want to hurt anybody, and you don’t see the harm, and that it’s important to you to do your best to be a decent and good person. And I genuinely believe you when you say you would never associate with a rapist and you think rape really is a very bad thing. Because this is why I refuse to take rape jokes sitting down- 6% of college age men, slightly over 1 in 20, will admit to raping someone in anonymous surveys, as long as the word “rape” isn’t used in the description of the act. 6% of Penny Arcade’s target demographic will admit to actually being rapists when asked. A lot of people accuse feminists of thinking that all men are rapists. That’s not true. But do you know who think all men are rapists? Rapists do. They really do. In psychological study, the profiling, the studies, it comes out again and again. Virtually all rapists genuinely believe that all men rape, and other men just keep it hushed up better. And more, these people who really are rapists are constantly reaffirmed in their belief about the rest of mankind being rapists like them by things like rape jokes, that dismiss and normalize the idea of rape. If one in twenty guys is a real and true rapist, and you have any amount of social activity with other guys like yourself, really cool guy, then it is almost a statistical certainty that one time hanging out with friends and their friends, playing Halo with a bunch of guys online, in a WoW guild, or elsewhere, you were talking to a rapist. Not your fault. You can’t tell a rapist apart any better than anyone else can. It’s not like they announce themselves. But, here’s the thing. It’s very likely that in some of these interactions with these guys, at some point or another someone told a rape joke. You, decent guy that you are, understood that they didn’t mean it, and it was just a joke. And so you laughed. And, decent guy who would never condone rape, who would step in and stop rape if he saw it, who understands that rape is awful and wrong and bad, when you laughed? That rapist who was in the group with you, that rapist thought that you were on his side. That rapist knew that you were a rapist like him. And he felt validated, and he felt he was among his comrades. You. The rapist’s comrade. And if that doesn’t make you feel sick to your stomach, if that doesn’t make you want to throw up, if that doesn’t disturb you or bother you or make you feel like maybe you should at least consider not participating in that kind of humor anymore… Well, maybe you aren’t as opposed to rapists as you claim.](80166506513.md)
 * [Our civil rights have no dependence on our religious opinions, any more than our opinions in physics or geometry.](80357378509.md)
 * [But I don’t even want a boyfriend with rock hard abs and perfect hair, those are just “extra” things that I wouldn’t mind looking at. What I really want is a boyfriend who is passionate about something, anything, so much that he smiles and lights up when he talks about it. Who isn’t afraid to hold my hand in public and introduce me to everyone as “my girlfriend”, who stares at me when I’m not paying attention and smiles because he’s happy that he’s with someone like me. Most of all I want someone who doesn’t see me the way I see myself. I want someone that loves me more than I love myself, is that really too much to ask for?](80669515789.md)
 * [Unplugging from devices doesn’t stop us from experiencing our lives through their lenses, frames, and formats. We are only ever tourists in the land of no technology, our visas valid for a day or a week or a year, and we travel there with the same eyes and ears that we use in our digital homeland.](80700790534.md)
 * [What if we got rid of our expectations? What if we said, “Food doesn’t need to taste like anything. Let’s see what this tastes like.” I heard tell of a wine expert who wanted to develop his palate, and so he would taste all kinds of things. Even dirt. Put dirt in his mouth, and see what it tastes like. Most people would be grossed out about it, but what if you just wanted to find out? Be curious. Explore the taste of foods. Let go of expectations and prejudgements. You might find out some interesting things. And by the way](80724634602.md)
 * [Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.](85236043439.md)
 * [Two of the most famous products of Berkeley are LSD and Unix. I don’t think that is a coincidence.](85414276209.md)
 * [It’s raining so hard that my umbrella asked for some wellies.](85932012959.md)
 * [Our best college students are very good at being critical. In fact being smart, for many, means being critical. Having strong critical skills shows that you will not be easily fooled. It is a sign of sophistication, especially when coupled with an acknowledgment of one’s own “privilege.”… But this ability will not take you very far beyond the university. Taking things apart, or taking people down, can provide the satisfactions of cynicism. But this is thin gruel. The skill at unmasking error, or simple intellectual one-upmanship, is not totally without value, but we should be wary of creating a class of self-satisfied debunkers](86096706452.md)
 * [Sometimes, Daddy, 5 and 5 makes 55 and sometimes it makes 10.](86198936679.md)
 * [The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence.](86208632817.md)
 * [A liberal bias? Do you mean we care about the poor, the sick, and the maimed? Do we care about whether people are being shot every day on the streets of America? If that’s liberal, so be it.](86331846794.md)
 * [The nicest people I’ve ever met were covered in tattoos and piercings and the most judgemental people I’ve ever met are the ones that go to church every Sunday.](86521313079.md)
 * [Something must change, but nothing should happen.](86658519277.md)
 * [Life is one big shit sandwich, the more bread you got the less shit you have to eat.](86775307734.md)
 * [yo why’s this nightstand so expensive? that’s $799 for a dildo holder](86998431586.md)
 * [Stop saying sorry. Say thank you instead. When you say, “sorry for being a jerk” the other person is forced to either call you a jerk or say it wasnt a big deal. Instead, say “thank you for being so patient with me” so the other person has a reason to say they love you.](87169210258.md)
 * [teach your kids that words end up killing people](87267409276.md)
 * [I see people getting married to people they’ve known for, like, a year and a half. A year and a half? Is that really enough time to get to know someone to know you want to spend the REST of your life with them? I mean, I’ve had sweaters for a year and a half and I was like, “What the fuck was I doing with this sweater?”](87713117893.md)
 * [Flying planes into a building was a “faith based initiative”](87968870876.md)
 * [At 19, I read a sentence that re-terraformed my head](88059353914.md)
 * [We feed cows too sick to stand to people too fat to walk.](88069184183.md)
 * [Does anyone else think it’s weird if atheists call their kid Christian? I think a much better choice would be Godfrey.](88176710697.md)
 * [if JJ Abrams just said “no Star Wars until we have competent gun control”, america’s nerds would un-fuck this country by comic-con.](88504039589.md)
 * [There’s like a million different ways to say “I love you.” ‘Put your seat belt on.’ ‘Watch your step.’ ‘Get some rest.’ …you just gotta listen.](88878983044.md)
 * [With normal emails 1% of recipients claim they didn’t get them. With invoices it’s 50%. What part of TCP/IP discriminates against invoices?](88938224373.md)
 * [1. There are plenty of ways to enter a pool. The stairs is not one of them. 2. Never cancel dinner plans by text message. 3. Don’t knock it ‘til you try it. 4. If a street performer makes you stop walking, you owe him a buck. 5. Always use ‘we’ when referring to your home team or your government. 6. When entrusted with a secret, keep it. 7. Don’t underestimate free throws in a game of ‘horse’. 8. Just because you can doesn’t mean you should. 9. Don’t dumb it down. 10. You only get one chance to notice a new haircut. 11. If you’re staying more than one night, unpack. 12. Never park in front of a bar. 13. Expect the seat in front of you to recline. Prepare accordingly. 14. Keep a picture of your first fish, first car, and first boy/girlfriend. 15. Hold your heroes to a high standard. 16. A suntan is earned, not bought. 17. Never lie to your doctor. 18. All guns are loaded. 19. Don’t mention sunburns. Believe me, they know. 20. The best way to show thanks is to wear it. Even if it’s only once. 21. Take a vacation of your cell phone, internet, and TV once a year. 22. Don’t fill up on bread, no matter how good. 23. A handshake beats an autograph. 24. Don’t linger in the doorway. In or out. 25. If you choose to go in drag, don’t sell yourself short. 26. If you want to know what makes you unique, sit for a caricature. 27. Never get your hair cut the day of a special event. 28. Be mindful of what comes between you and the Earth. Always buy good shoes, tires, and sheets. 29. Never eat lunch at your desk if you can avoid it. 30. When you’re with new friends, don’t just talk about old friends. 31. Eat lunch with the new kids. 32. When traveling, keep your wits about you. 33. It’s never too late for an apology. 34. Don’t pose with booze. 35. If you have the right of way, take it. 36. You don’t get to choose your own nickname. 37. When you marry someone, remember you marry their entire family. 38. Never push someone off a dock. 39. Under no circumstances should you ask a woman if she’s pregnant. 40. It’s not enough to be proud of your ancestry; live up to it. 41. Don’t make a scene. 42. When giving a thank you speech, short and sweet is best. 43. Know when to ignore the camera. 44. Never gloat. 45. Invest in good luggage. 46. Make time for your mom on your birthday. It’s her special day, too. 47. When opening presents, no one likes a good guesser. 48. Sympathy is a crutch, never fake a limp. 49. Give credit. Take blame. 50. Suck it up every now and again. 51. Never be the last one in the pool. 52. Don’t stare. 53. Address everyone that carries a firearm professionally. 54. Stand up to bullies. You’ll only have to do it once. 55. If you’ve made your point, stop talking. 56. Admit it when you’re wrong. 57. If you offer to help don’t quit until the job is done. 58. Look people in the eye when you thank them. 59. Thank the bus driver. 60. Never answer the phone at the dinner table. 61. Forgive yourself for your mistakes. 62. Know at least one good joke. 63. Don’t boo. Even the ref is somebody’s son. 64. Know how to cook one good meal. 65. Learn to drive a stick shift. 66. Be cool to younger kids. Reputations are built over a lifetime. 67. It’s okay to go to the movies by yourself. 68. Dance with your mother/father. 69. Don’t lose your cool. Especially at work. 70. Always thank the host. 71. If you don’t understand, ask before it’s too late. 72. Know the size of your boy/girlfriend’s clothes. 73. There is nothing wrong with a plain t-shirt. 74. Be a good listener. Don’t just wait for your turn to talk. 75. Keep your word. 76. In college, always sit in the front. You’ll stand out immediately. 77. Carry your mother’s bags. She carried you for nine months. 78. Be patient with airport security. They’re just doing their jobs. 79. Don’t be the talker in a movie. 80. The opposite sex likes people who shower. 81. You are what you do, not what you say. 82. Learn to change a tire. 83. Be kind. Everyone has a hard fight ahead of them. 84. An hour with grandparents is time well spent. Ask for advice when you need it. 85. Don’t litter. 86. If you have a sister, get to know her boyfriend. Your opinion is important. 87. You won’t always be the strongest or the fastest. But you can be the toughest. 88. Never call someone before 9am or after 9pm. 89. Buy the orange properties in Monopoly. 90. Make the little things count. 91. Always wear a bra at work. 92. There is a fine line between looking sultry and slutty. Find it. 93. You’re never too old to need your mom. 94. Ladies, if you make the decision to wear heels on the first date, commit to keeping them on and keeping your trap shut about how much your feet kill. 95. Know the words to your national anthem. 96. Your dance moves might not be the best, but I promise making a fool of yourself is more fun than sitting on the bench alone. 97. Smile at strangers. 98. Make goals. 99. Being old is not dictated by your bedtime. 100. If you have to fight, punch first and punch hard.](89322683153.md)
 * [I have waited years for England to play like Spain. And now they finally have.](89476813934.md)
 * [Nationalism does nothing but teach you how to hate people that you never met.](89514702680.md)
 * [A German couple seriously tried to sell their baby on eBay? That’s messed up. A baby is something you made, that sort of thing goes on Etsy.](89556257980.md)
 * [To be silent the whole day long, see no newspaper, hear no radio, listen to no gossip, be thoroughly and completely lazy, thoroughly and completely indifferent to the fate of the world is the finest medicine a man can give himself.](89821976671.md)
 * [if you had a friend who spoke to you in the same way you sometimes speak to yourself, how long would you allow that person to be your friend?](89863784499.md)
 * [Once the game is over, the king and the pawn go back in the same box. — Italian Proverb](90147367191.md)
 * [If someone speaks 4 languages they are called quadrilingual. If someone speaks 3 languages they are called trilingual. If someone speaks 2 languages they are called bilingual. If someone speaks 1 language they are called American.](90435957067.md)
 * [The Government of the United States is not in any sense founded upon the Christian religion.](90459116581.md)
 * [Christianity neither is, nor ever was, a part of the common law.](90478078976.md)
 * [The problem isn’t that Johnny can’t read. The problem isn’t even that Johnny can’t think. The problem is that Johnny doesn’t know what thinking is; he confuses it with feeling.](90576385494.md)
 * [Several World Cup teams banned sex during the tournament. All of them have been eliminated. (This could explain why so many losing players were high-fiving each other on the way off the field…)](90590785424.md)
 * [Personal Tumblr Rule #1](90680005053.md)
 * [Personal Tumblr Rule #2](90718783917.md)
 * [If we don’t do something to fix the glaring inequities in this economy, the pitchforks are going to come for us. No society can sustain this kind of rising inequality. In fact, there is no example in human history where wealth accumulated like this and the pitchforks didn’t eventually come out. You show me a highly unequal society, and I will show you a police state. Or an uprising. There are no counterexamples. None. It’s not if, it’s when.](90761067376.md)
 * [I did things in my 30s that were ignored by the world, that could have been quickly labeled a failure. Here’s a classic example; in 1974 I did a movie called Phantom of the Paradise. Phantom of the Paradise, which was a huge flop in this country. There were only two cities in the world where it had any real success](90779747932.md)
 * [We are breaking a new record in the U.S., and it is not one we want to break](91110763269.md)
 * [When two opposite points of view are expressed with equal intensity, the truth does not necessarily lie exactly halfway between them. It is possible for one side to be simply wrong.](91315044289.md)
 * [I reject the generally accepted notion that gentlemen wear imported suits, drive expensive cars, and dine at the finest high class restaurants. In many cases those guys are usually no more than rich, narcissistic, male chauvinists. Being wealthy does not make you a gentleman. A true gentleman is any man, wealthy or not, who behaves honorably, is a gracious host, is well mannered, and above all, treats everyone with kindness, dignity and respect. No matter who they are or where they’re from.](91357490929.md)
 * [What is happening to our young people? They disrespect their elders, they disobey their parents. They ignore the law. They riot in the streets inflamed with wild notions. Their morals are decaying. What is to become of them?](91634621059.md)
 * [How can you take a people seriously that makes tea with harbour water.](91763159879.md)
 * [your heart’s in the right place but honestly i cannot find your other organs](91839359148.md)
 * [Up until the middle of the 21st century many people were openly superstitious giving credence to such strange concepts as gods, miracles and the like.](92243144334.md)
 * [A mother in her 40s, Debra Harrell, is currently in jail for letting her 9-year-old daughter play in well-populated park while Ms. Harrell was at work. Tanya McDowell, a homeless single mother, was charged with felonious larceny when she hoped for a better education for her son, using her babysitter’s address instead of her last known permanent address in a worse neighborhood, to enroll her son in kindergarten. (i.e., “stealing” a free public education). Shanesha Taylor, another single homeless mother, had no one to watch her two small children, so she left them in the car during a job interview. She got the job — and then returned to find the cops waiting for her. (The district attorney in Scottsdale, Arizona, has now agreed to dismiss the charges, as long as Taylor completes parenting courses, and establishes education and child-care trust funds for her kids.) In all three cases mothers were separated from their children for the act of mothering.](92537855539.md)
 * [I am so happy to be leaving Austria. I know the rest of the world is not perfect either, but at least there is a drive to improve society. Only in Austria would a horrific novel “The Trial” (F. Kafka) not be seen as a warning of what to avoid, but rather an instruction manual to implement.](92620655929.md)
 * [Water? Never drink the stuff! Fish fuck in it.](92622088436.md)
 * [Never cry over spilt milk. It could have been Whiskey!](92650208957.md)
 * [The only way praying leads to peace is if all parties pray 100% of their time and are therefore too busy to fight.](92737037124.md)
 * [Almost half of adults in the U.S. believe in at least one medical conspiracy theory, according to a report by the University of Chicago. Some conspiracy theories are widely held](92758963829.md)
 * [If you have an apple and I have an apple and we exchange these apples then you and I will still each have one apple. But if you have an idea and I have an idea and we exchange these ideas, then each of us will have two ideas.](92849100997.md)
 * [Don’t live the same year 75 times and call it a life.](92901290369.md)
 * [There are two great mysteries that overshadow all other mysteries in science. One is the origin of the universe. That’s my day job. However, there is also the other great mystery of inner space. And that is what sits on your shoulders, which believe it or not, is the most complex object in the known universe. But the brain only uses 20 watts of power. It would require a nuclear power plant to energise a computer the size of a city block to mimic your brain, and your brain does it with just 20 watts. So if someone calls you a dim bulb, that’s a compliment.](92912098031.md)
 * [If he was given an enema he would fit into a matchbox.](92915250190.md)
 * [Sir, when a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford.](92953915444.md)
 * [Sir, when a man is tired of London, he is tired of life; for there is in London all that life can afford.](92953987607.md)
 * [‘Drunk History’ is more like your craziest autodidact buddy telling you the weirdest story he ever heard about Hitler. The facts are not in dispute, they’re just delivered in a way that is blunt and personal, with biases up front instead of hidden.](93000386765.md)
 * [Dear Jack, Thank you so much for your heartfelt, touching note. I’ve heard that you donated all your £153 pocket money savings to my Prizeo fundraiser on behalf of the Wild Spirit Wolf Sanctuary. I cannot tell you how much that moved me. It pleases me no end to know that my novels, and the TV series based on them, have inspired readers as young as yourself to rally to the support of these majestic and too often stigmatized animals Alas, I cannot promise you a grisly death in THE WIND OF WINTER. Those spots have already been filled by some very generous donors, and there’s a limit to how many people even I can kill. However, inspired by your example, my friends at Prizeo and I would love to follow your lead with a $10,000 in your name to the UK Wolf Conservation Trust. That’s a wonderful organization that I’ve heard much about, and they are lucky to count people like you as supporters. I wish you the best of luck in your future career as a wolf conservationist, and hope that you inspire many others to follow your lead. Yours, GRRM](93003679463.md)
 * [Today is our 13th wedding anniversary and we are excited to start a new epoch in our lives. Packed and ready to go when the movers come tomorrow morning.](93003969804.md)
 * [You never lose. You either win or learn.](93099358515.md)
 * [‘Never let the future disturb you. You will meet it, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present.’](93110323571.md)
 * [What do groups like ISIS and al-Qaeda and even Hamas want? They want to impose their religious views on the rest of humanity. They want stifle every freedom that decent, educated, secular people care about. This is not a trivial difference. And yet judging from the level of condemnation that Israel now receives, you would think the difference ran the other way.](93322812659.md)
 * [The truth is that depression has nothing to do with bravery or courage. It is a monster that strips those traits away before it even gets warmed up. If anything, Robin Williams’ suicide is another reminder that all the talent and humor in the world is no match for the power and darkness of depression. The way I see it, if you can fight off depression for 63 years and make others laugh and feel good, you are one courageous dude.](94612074879.md)
 * [It’s really hard to get tired at night. But I seem to be practicing in my sleep, because by morning I’m really good at it.](94799530754.md)
 * [Sleep is like a cat](95262994177.md)
 * [As a startup CEO I slept like a baby. I woke up every two hours and cried.](95301330533.md)
 * [Brain-Death is a condition that often remains undiagnosed for years.](95710730344.md)
 * [If the truth shall kill them, let them die.](96192509439.md)
 * [There will come a time when you want to cut off all your hair. Do it. Realise that the thing you want rid of doesn’t lie in the long curls that frame your face so perfectly. Live with short hair for a while. It’ll grow. You won’t always want to talk to people. That’s okay. When it’s late and you hear your friends talking in the next room, you don’t have to join them. You’re allowed your solitude. It makes company sweeter and it teaches you how to survive alone. You will need that skill. In the winter, you’ll believe that nothing will ever grow again. You’re wrong. Every year, London looks like it’s on its last legs, wheezing through those last cold days in March. Every year, spring comes like an explosion and the city shakes off its sleep. Mundane problems will get the better of you sometimes. Don’t worry. Try as you might, life cannot be an endless, beautiful, intense moment. Find comfort in money worries and late trains; they’re a welcome rest in between heartbreaks and breakdowns. People will call you a cynic, a wry smile on their faces. Pay them no mind. You alone know that you are capable of a love greater than anything they can comprehend. You alone know that you are not willing to sell your identity and respect to the first smirking halfwit to pass by. It is not cynicism. It is reverence for your own vast and fathomless heart, and it makes sense only to love someone who understands that and is awed by it. You will not always get what you want when you want it. Accept it. Your goals are not set in stone and you are not on a fixed trajectory. Sometimes, life will take its time and you will have to play the long, interminable game. Play it well and with as much grace as you can muster. Live at your own pace. At night, you will occasionally wake up afraid, wanting to die. Don’t give in. Night plays its tricks, but you are not so easily fooled. Your mind will play its tricks, too. It will make you believe that you’re not who you are, but you must not give in. You take a breath and you tell yourself that you are here. That you always were.](96522800009.md)
 * [My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you’ve been mean to someone, they won’t believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it’s time to stop being nice, then destroy them.](96558373924.md)
 * [Seeing someone read a book you love is seeing a book recommend a person.](97408503704.md)
 * [A usage that’s seldom got right Is when to say shit and when shite, And many a chap Will fall back on crap, Which is vulgar, evasive, and trite.](98750848829.md)
 * [If you fall I’ll be here for you - said the floor](99761323169.md)

| [Tags](tags.md) | [Top](index.md) |
