<!--
title: Tag fail
date: 2020-06-28T15:26:58.959Z
tags:
-->
# Tag fail

 * [It seems that there are still some like the LAUSD that have not realised yet, that you cannot lock down technology and still expect it to be useful. The LA-Times reported that LAUSD halts home use of iPads for students, which might just be the silliest thing to it could do. The one thing sillier is to truly believe that it could prevent this to begin with. But aside from all that, there is a much deeper question that should be raised. That is not “can we prevent students from surfing the net”, but “should we prevent students from surfing the net”. As has been previously discussed in what inner city kids know about social media kids don’t really need to be protected from the internet by people that know less about it than they do. We (and the LAUSD) should be proud that students circumvented the stupid restrictions so quickly and commend them for it. They should also not restrict students use of the tools that they were given. The LAUSD should be embarrassed by all of this. Not that their security measures where circumvented, but rather that they thought they were warranted and their reaction to the circumvention. Maybe the people at the LAUSD should be sent back to school; obviously they are not yet ready for the 21st century.](62519637603.md)
 * [MetaCert adds malware and sex-related websites to its DNS service](64684387582.md)
 * [Forcing people to register a separate account with disqus with an email and a password, is not streamlining. It’s stupidly adding a hurdle to commenting. If I want to comment, I want to do so with one of my online identities like twitter. I don’t then want sign up with your messed up system. Boycot disqus for stupidity! P.S.](64984193881.md)
 * [I stumbled across another instance of messed up OAuth today. OAuth is intended to give services the ability to access all or parts of another on behalf of a user. This is great, since it enables a lot of interactivity on the net. It is actually designed in a way that allows for the service requesting access to specify what access it wants. Except it does not give the user any choice in what rights to grant. Take the example of Disqus. If you log in via Twitter, Disqus asks for the right to access your account information as well as tweet on your behalf. And that’s where the trouble starts. I have no issue with handing over my information that Twitter has to Disqus, but under no circumstances do I ever want Disqus to tweet on my behalf. There is simply no reason it ever should. And truth be told, Disqus has so many silly or stupid idio(t)syncrasies that it is not really a trustworthy service. Not that I think they are malicious, I just don’t trust their sense of right and wrong to steer them right. (Any case](65142558736.md)
 * [Why teaser link-bait headlines will fail in the wearable age](70672473501.md)

| [Tags](tags.md) | [Top](index.md) |
